Chief of Defence Staff (CDS): General Anil Chauhan(extended service)
Chief of the Army Staff (COAS): General Upendra Dwivedi
Vice chief of army staff(vice chief of army) : Pushpendra singh
Chief of the Naval Staff (CNS): Admiral Dinesh Kumar Tripathi
vice chief of naval staff : sanjay vatsayam
Chief of the Air Staff (CAS): Air Chief Marshal Amar Preet Singh
Chief of air staff : air marshal narmadeshwar tiwari
Director of SSB : sanjay singhal
DG of Indian coast gaurd : paramesh sivamani
DG, NSG : Shri Brighu Srinivasan, IPS(from bihar)
DG of Rialway protection force(RPF) : sonali mishra(first women dg of rpf)
National Security Advisor (NSA) | Dy. NSA: Ajit Doval | Anish Dayal singh(both names are A.D.)
chairma, NSAB(National Security advisory board, 1998) : Alok joshi(former raw chief)
chief economic advisor : V. anantha nageswaran
Chairman, PM's economic advisory council : S Mahendra Dev
Director, PM museum & library, ministry of culture : Ashwani lohani
Director, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI): Praveen Sood
Chief of Intelligence Bureau (IB): Tapan Deka
DG, NIA(2009, ministry of home) : Sadananda date
Commissioner, Central Vigilance Commission(1964, by committe of prvention of corruption by K. santhanam, statutory) : Praveen Kumar shrivastava
ISRO(1962,1969, Bengaluru) chairman(also secretary of department of space) | Director of VSSC(vikram sarabhai space centre, 1963,Thiruvananthpuram) | Director of LPSC(liquid propulsion sytems centre, Thiruvananthpuram) : V. narayanam | DR. A. rajarajan | M. Mohan
Minister of Defence: Rajnath Singh
chairman, DRDO(1958, delhi) : Samir V Kamat(apna bhai kamat drdo ka chairman>)
Minister of Home Affairs and Minister of Cooperation: Amit Shah
Minister of Finance and Minister of Corporate Affairs: Nirmala Sitharaman
life time member, IRDAI(insurance regulatory & dev aurthority of india, ministry of finance, hyderabad, 1999) : Swaminathan S. iyer
chairperson, PFRDA(pension fund regulatory and dev authority, 2003, delhi, finance minsitry) : Sivasubramanian ramann
Rvenue secretary : Arvind shrivastava
Minister of External Affairs: Dr. Subrahmanyam Jaishankar
35th foreign secretary(2 years) : Vikram misri
minister of power+housing & urban affairs(gurugram=society & electricity power) : manohar lal khattar
minister of panchayati raj : rajiv ranjan(aka lalan singh,lalana ho la hoyeke fulva ke deepak gaanv ka song)
Minister of Agriculture and Farmers' Welfare: Shivraj Singh Chouhan
Minister of Road Transport and Highways: Nitin Gadkari
Minister of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME): Jitan Ram Manjhi
Minister of Railways and Minister of Information and Broadcasting: Ashwini Vaishnaw
Minister of communication : Jyotiraditya M. scindia
Minister of Education: Dharmendra Pradhan
Minister of Commerce and Industry: Piyush Goyal
Minister of Health and Family Welfare: Jagat Prakash Nadda
Minister of Law and Justice: Arjun Ram Meghwal
chairperson, 23rd Law commission : Dinesh maheshwari(3 years)(first 1834, lord macaulay famous for english educaton in india, first time 1955 in india the commission)
chairman of BCI(bar council of india, advocated act 1961, section 4, stutory body) : manan kumar mishra
Minister of Ayush : Shri Pratap Rao
President: Droupadi Murmu
Vice President | secretary of VP : C. P. Radhakrishnan(from tamilnadu)(former G of Maharashtra)(article 63,64-ex officio chairman of RS,65-VP as P, 66-election,67-term of 5 year, 67(a)-resignation to Presdent) | amit khare
ADC(aide-de-camp) of president : Yashashvi solankee(first female)
Prime Minister: Narendra Modi
pvt secretary to PM : nidhi tiwari(first women)
principal secretary/head of PMO : 1(Pramod Kumar Mishra), 2(Shaktikanta Daas, former rbi governor)
Speaker of the Lok Sabha: Om Birla
Chief Justice of India (CJI): Surya Kant(124(2),age<65, not a fixed tenure all based on age, first : Hiralal J kania)
Executive chairma, NALSA(national legal services aurthority of India, 1995, article 39a-equal justice & free legal aid, 42nd caa, 1976) : Vikram Nath(judge of the supreme court of India)[CJI is the patron-in-chief not Executive chairman]
chairperson, NHRC(national human rights commission, 1993, stutory, ministry of home Affairs) : V. Ramasubramanian
Attorney General of India: R. Venkataramani(article 76, reappointed till 2027)
Solicitor General of India: Tushar Mehta
Cj of delhi high court : Devendra kumar upadhayay(214-231, 214-1 hc for each state,age<62 not 65 that is for SC , 25 HCs as of now, oldest-calcutta, bombay, madras in 1862)
chairman, UPSC : ajay kumar(replacing preeti Sudan)[part 14 : 308-323 spcifically for upsc 315-323, 316-be appointed by president, 6 years term or <65age]
Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG, 6 years or <65) | CGA(controller general of accounts, non constitutional body, principal accounting advisor to GOI, Department of expenditure, finance ministry) : Kundu Sanjay Murthy(148-151 i.e. in last of the union articles) | TCA Kalyani
chairperson, SEBI(Security & exchange board of india,mumbai, finance minsitry) : Tuhin kanta(marathi bolte) pandey
finance secretary/admin head of finance minsitry : ajay seth(2 years)
Chief Election Commissioner: Gyanesh Kumar(324-eci, 6 years or <65)[first was Sukumar Sen]
Governor, RBI(1935, mumbai) | RBI deputy Governor: Sanjay Malhotra(first-sir osborne smith) | shirish chandra Murm(replacing M. rajeshwar rao)
chairman of railway board : satish kumar(re-appointed)
chairman of lokpal : retired SC justice Ajay Manikrao Khanwilkar
LG of Andaman and Nicobar Islands: Admiral D. K. Joshi (Retd.)
Admistrator of Chandigarh: Gulab Chand Kataria(Punjab+Chandigarh)
Governor of Punjab: Gulab Chand Kataria(Punjab+Chandigarh)
LG of Delhi (NCT): Vinai Kumar Saxena
LG of Jammu and Kashmir: Manoj Sinha
LG of Ladakh: Kavinder Gupta
Administrator of Lakshadweep: Praful Patel (Lakshadweep+Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu)
Administrator of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu: Praful Patel (Lakshadweep+Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu)
LG of Puducherry: K. Kailashnathan
Governor of Andhra Pradesh: Justice (Retd.) S. Abdul Nazeer
Governor of Arunachal Pradesh: Lt. General Kaiwalya Trivikram Parnaik (Retd.)
Governor of Assam: Lakshman Acharya(pehle 2 ke the Assam+Manipur par bhalla aa gaya manipur ke liya-aur sun bhalla hi la ganesan ke jagah nagaland dekh rha hai)
Governor of Manipur: Ajay kumar bhala(manipur+nagaland)
Governor of Bihar: Arif Mohammad Khan
Governor of Chhattisgarh: Ramen Deka
Governor of Goa: Pusapati Ashok Gajapathi Raju(lamba naam like movie)
Governor of Gujarat: Acharya Dev Vrat(Gujarat+Maharashtra)
Governor of Maharashtra: (temporarily Acharya Devvrat, Governor of Gujarat replacing C. P. Radhakrishnan)(Gujarat+Maharashtra)
Governor of Haryana: Ashim Kumar Ghosh
Governor of Himachal Pradesh: Shiv Pratap Shukla
Governor of Jharkhand: Santosh Kumar Gangwar
Governor of Karnataka: Thaawarchand Gehlot
Governor of Kerala: Rajendra Vishwanath Arlekar(marathi)
Governor of Madhya Pradesh: Mangubhai C. Patel
Governor of Meghalaya: C. H. Vijayashankar
Governor of Mizoram: retd. general vijay kumar singh
Governor of Nagaland: Ajay Kumar Bhalla(manipur+nagaland)(replacing La. Ganesan of nagaland)
Governor of Odisha: Kambhampati Hari Babu
Governor of Rajasthan: Haribhau Bagade
Governor of Sikkim: Om Prakash Mathur
Governor of Tamil Nadu: R. N. Ravi
Governor of Telangana: Jishnu Dev Varma
Governor of Tripura: N. Indrasena Reddy
Governor of Uttar Pradesh: Anandiben Patel
Governor of Uttarakhand: Lt. Gen. Gurmit Singh (Retd.)
Governor of West Bengal: C. V. Ananda Bose
CM of Uttarakhand : Pushkar singh dhami
cm of delhi : rekha gupta(163-council & cm advise the governor,164-cm & other minister appointment)
Director General, CISF(1969,delhi) : Praveer ranjan
BCCI President(1928, mumbai) : Mithun manhas
first transgender member of the supreme court committee : akkai padmashali(karnataka)
CEO of FSSAI(food safety & standards authority, 2008,delhi) : Rajat Punhani
Director of the Botanical survey of india(BSI, kolkata)  Indian mashroom scientist(DR. Kanad Das)
CJ of bombay high court : shreechandra shekhar
chief, RAW(1968,delhi, foreign intelligence agency) : Parag Jain
chairperson, NCW(national commission for women, 1992,statutory, NCW act 1990) : Vijaya Kishor Rahatkar(first-Jayanti Patnaik)
chairman, finance commission(1951) : Arvind Panagariya(280-appointed by president,not in union nor in states it's part 12, 264-300a, looks btw the financial relation btw the states & union)
chairman, National Commission for scheduled caste(2004, constitutional body, minsitry of social justice) : Kishor makwana(338-sc, 338a-commission fo st, 338b-backward classes(102 CAA-ambulance), 338c-proposed for ews, part 16-330-342-special provision to certain classes)
chairperson, national commission for backward classes(BC)(NCBC, 1993, caa102, 338b, b for backward>) : Hansraj gangaram ahir
CEO, NITI(national institute for transforming india, 2015, delhi, ministry of planning) ayog : BVR Subrahmanyam(chairman=PM, vice chairman-suman bery(parul berry?>))
Chairman, SSC : S. Gopala-krishnan